feat!: Stricter rule test validations (#17654)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/integrate/nodejs-api.md

### Testing Suggestions

> Suggestions can be tested by defining a `suggestions` key on an errors object. The options to check for the suggestions are the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suggestions can be tested by defining a `suggestions` key on an errors object. If this is a number, it asserts the number of suggestions provided for the error. Otherwise, this should be an array of objects, each containing information about a single provided suggestion. The following properties can be used:
```

To specify that `suggestions` can be a number.

* `desc` (string): The suggestion `desc` value. Must provide this or `messageId`
* `messageId` (string): The suggestion `messageId` value for suggestions that use `messageId`s. Must provide this or `desc`

> * `data` (object): Placeholder data which can be used in combination with `messageId`. Required if `messageId` is specified and its message uses placeholders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `data` (object): Placeholder data which can be used in combination with `messageId`.
```

    * `message` (string/regexp): The message for the error. Must provide this or `messageId`
    * `messageId` (string): The Id for the error. Must provide this or `message`. See [testing errors with messageId](#testing-errors-with-messageid) for details
    * `data` (object): Placeholder data which can be used in combination with `messageId`. Required if `messageId` is specified and its message uses placeholders
    * `type` (string): The type of the reported AST node
    * `line` (number): The 1-based line number of the reported location
    * `column` (number): The 1-based column number of the reported location
    * `endLine` (number): The 1-based line number of the end of the reported location
    * `endColumn` (number): The 1-based column number of the end of the reported location
    * `suggestions` (array): An array of objects with suggestion details to check. Required if the rule produces suggestions. See [Testing Suggestions](#testing-suggestions) for details

    If a string is provided as an error instead of an object, the string is used to assert the `message` of the error.

> * `output` (string, required if the rule fixes code): Asserts the output that will be produced when using this rule for a single pass of autofixing (e.g. with the `--fix` command line flag). If this is `null`, asserts that none of the reported problems suggest autofixes or the fixer did not create a fix.

Author: I added this to clarify as there are two scenarios:
1. The rule only adds fixes for specific messages (so there is no fixer)
2. There is a fixer but it "failed" by returning a nullish value

> * `output` (string, required if the rule fixes code): Asserts the output that will be produced when using this rule for a single pass of autofixing (e.g. with the `--fix` command line flag). If this is `null`, asserts that none of the reported problems suggest autofixes or the fixer did not create a fix.

Reviewer 2: That's true.
